This section we have seen that exploiting knowledge about the workings of
cache memory can really increase the speed of your programs.
A slight change in the order of two loops can cause a major speedup and also vice versa.
The bottom line here is you need to have a grasp of
the structure of computer memory to produce high-performance code.
There is just no way around this.
Now that we know about the different memory types and also about caches where to go next.
Well, directly into C plus plus.
Let's take a look at one more thing before we do this.
I imagine you had optimized the program to run super efficiently on one machine
and then on another machine it runs much slower or worse it crushes altogether.
It would be really nice to be totally independent of
the hardware configuration of the computer on which your programs run.
Also writing a new program with
variations for different hardware configurations would be really
tedious and the solution to both of these aspects is called virtual memory.
That's what we'll take a look at in the last section of this lesson,
so see you there shortly.